# Gameplay Plan
*A document to outline the details of how the game will be played.*

## Primary Loop
*This is what they player is doing moment by moment. The movement, object interactions, etc.*
- Move around the environment using arrow key or WASD controls.
- Travel between rooms in a house interacting with objects
- Object interaction will bring up challenges to be completed to begin to solve the case
- These challenges could have a range of forms:
   - Questions about cyber security framed as Sherry (our detective) asking themselves what a clue means for the case.
   - Identification of risks within the security system
   - Recalling the risks and making the correct suggestions to fix them
   - Locked information behind security questions that may be related to cyber security is some other way
- Final boss fight with the hacker (Gordon) takes place as a opposed question set, where the player has to answer questions more quickly than the CPU player.

## Secondary Loop
*This is what the goals are for the individual levels, what the player is doing to finish the level/case*
- All:
  - Completing challenges will affect the "reputation" for that level, starting at 0, (GP: progress reporting)
  - Failing challenges (getting questions wrong, etc.) will result in losing reputation, upon reaching -100, the level is failed.
  - Succeeding in challenges results in gaining reputation, up to a maximum of 100. Reaching a rep of 100 by the end of the level will reward the player with a badge (GP: Reward)

- C1: 
  - Moving between the rooms in the house, collecting evidence of what damage the hacker has caused. 
  - Completion of the level opens the door to the server room that contains the gameplay for case 2. 
  - Has a strong focus on the CIA (Confidentiality, Integrity, Accessability) triad and identifying which of these have been affected by the hacker. 

- C2:
  - Analysis of the hacking scene. 
  - Allows for the type of hacker to be indentified at the end of the case, line up style
  - Discovering vunerabilities in the system, simple interface (firewalls?)
  - More about the type of securty attack made on the house (Interception/ Interruption/ Modification/ Fabrication)

- C3:
  - Walking between the rooms, identifying risks in the system. 
  - Risks need to be sorted by the player into various categories. 
  - Sorting risks into their possible impact 
  - Identifying assets affected by the hack

- C4:
  - The list of risks generated by the previous case then create the framework for this one. 
  - Risks need to be fixed. 
  - Each risk is revistited by the player and fixed to make it more appropriate and usable for the client
  - Consider replacing passwords with biometrics, for example, to reduce the requirement for recalling a list of passwords

- C5:
  - Boss battle
  - Sherry is attempting to break into Gordon's house. 
  - Opposed hacking to get through the door
  - Questions appear on screen
  - Answering correctly before the CPU pushes the bar forward, towards Gordon
  - Incorrect or too slow answers push the bar backward, towards Sherry
  - The once the bar reaches Sherry or Gordon's side, the door is locked permanently or opened respectively. 
  - Door opens/closes very slowly as the questions appear?

## Tertiary Loop
- The beginning of the game allows the player to set the colour of the trenchcoat worn by our detective, Sherry (GP: Avatars).
- Players begin the game with a call from our victim, Belinda
- The game begins at the victims house, beginning case one. 
- As the player learns more about the hacker, the details of their appearance get clearer
- The victim's security in their house is slowly improved as part of the service. 
- The information gathered in Case 2 is sent off for testing and analysis to generate the list of suspects.
- Sherry decides on the identity of the hacker once the analysis comes back. 
- Arriving at Gordon's house, sherry has to break into the house through gordon's security system
- The game is won upon opening the door and making the arrest 

